- function names are pointers to the function instances

- function declare syntax is the same with function expression 

  ```javascript
  function a() {} // it doesn't need a semicolon
  let a = function() {}; // same with above
  ```

### Arrow function

- when there's one parameter, 
- can't be used as constructor, no ***arguments object, super, new.target***
- no prototype

### function name

```javascript
console.log((() => {}).name === (() => {}).name) // true
console.log((() => {}) === (() => {})) // false
```

### Arguments

an array save all the arguments passed the function declared with function keyword.

ECMAScript doesn't create function signature by different argument list, that's why that's no overloading in ES.

- change function a(p1, p2){} p1===argument[0], p2===argument[1] in non-strict mode, overwrite ***arguments** cause error.
- But change  the named arguments doesn't change the arguments object
- The arguments object is based on actual arguments passed to the function.
- arrow function doesn't have arguments but can assess outer normal function's arguments
- if a function be defined twice, the second one overwrites the first one;

### Default parameter values（ES6）

```
function a(name='default value'){}
```

- pass undefined same with not passing, 

- the arguments won't change because of default parameter values

- function also can be used as default value;

- scope:

  ```javascript
  function a(name1='name1'， name2='name2' ){}
  function a(){
  	let name1='name1'， name2='name2';
  }
  ```

### ...（ES6）

- arguments object is the only way to  access spread arguments by default.
- use rest parameter is another to get spread arguments
- can use rest parameter to simulate arguments in arrow function
- rest parameter can placed at the end of parameter list, otherwise SyntaxError.

Function declarations has *function declaration hoisting* , function expression doesn't have, the rest is the same.

### Function internals

#### this

#### arguments 

 has property called callee, useful some senarios like inside a recursive function

```
function a(num) {
	if(num <= 1) return 1;
	return a(num*num-1)
}
```



#### new.target

​	if the function is called with 'new' keyword, new.target will be referred to the constructor or the function.

 